Add rule to prefer simplified generic extension syntax (#194)
airbnb/swift: README.md

  </details>

> * <a id='generic-extensions'></a>(<a href='#generic-extensions'>link</a>) When extending generic types, prefer using generic bracket syntax (or sugared syntax for applicable standard library types) instead of generic type constraints. [![SwiftFormat: genericExtensions](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-genericExtensions-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#genericExtensions)

Author: This is always possible when extending fully-bound generic types (e.g. only using `== Foo` constraints and not `: FooProtocol). That's how the SE proposal refers to these ("bound generic types"). Do you think it would be more clear to change this to "When extending bound generic types" instead?

> * <a id='generic-extensions'></a>(<a href='#generic-extensions'>link</a>) When extending generic types, prefer using generic bracket syntax (or sugared syntax for applicable standard library types) instead of generic type constraints. [![SwiftFormat: genericExtensions](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-genericExtensions-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#genericExtensions)

Reviewer: Let's try to come up with a more descriptive name for the link than `generic-extensions` if we can.

Author: How about `prefer-bound-generic-extension-shorthand`?

```suggestion
* <a id='prefer-bound-generic-extension-shorthand'></a>(<a href='#prefer-bound-generic-extension-shorthand'>link</a>) When extending generic types, prefer using generic bracket syntax (or sugared syntax for applicable standard library types) instead of generic type constraints. [![SwiftFormat: genericExtensions](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-genericExtensions-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#genericExtensions)
```

> * <a id='generic-extensions'></a>(<a href='#generic-extensions'>link</a>) When extending generic types, prefer using generic bracket syntax (or sugared syntax for applicable standard library types) instead of generic type constraints. [![SwiftFormat: genericExtensions](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-genericExtensions-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#genericExtensions)

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to explain the difference between "generic bracket syntax" and "sugared syntax", possibly with examples. This could even be done in the code snippets by highlighting the different options.

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
* <a id='generic-extensions'></a>(<a href='#generic-extensions'>link</a>) When extending generic types, prefer using generic bracket syntax (`extension Array<Planet>`), or sugared syntax for applicable standard library types (`extension [Planet]`), instead of generic type constraints. [![SwiftFormat: genericExtensions](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-genericExtensions-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#genericExtensions)
```

> * <a id='generic-extensions'></a>(<a href='#generic-extensions'>link</a>) When extending generic types, prefer using generic bracket syntax (or sugared syntax for applicable standard library types) instead of generic type constraints. [![SwiftFormat: genericExtensions](https://img.shields.io/badge/SwiftFormat-genericExtensions-7B0051.svg)](https://github.com/nicklockwood/SwiftFormat/blob/master/Rules.md#genericExtensions)

Reviewer: > Do you think it would be more clear to change this to "When extending bound generic types" instead?

I like this.

  <details>

  ```swift
  // WRONG
  extension Array where Element == Star { … }
  extension Optional where Wrapped == Spaceship { … }
  extension Dictionary where Key == Moon, Element == Planet { … }
  extension Collection where Element == Universe { … }
  extension StateStore where State == SpaceshipState, Action == Spaceship { … }

  // RIGHT
  extension [Star] { … }
  extension Spaceship? { … }
  extension [Moon: Planet] { … }
  extension Collection<Universe> { … }

>   extension StateStore<SpaceshipState, SpaceshipAction> { … }

Author: Maybe something like `extension Array where Element: PlanetaryBody { }` (which could in theory be `extension Array<some PlanetaryBody>` , but that syntax isn't allowed)? Any other examples that you think it would be good to mention?

>   extension StateStore<SpaceshipState, SpaceshipAction> { … }

Author: Although maybe this isn't necessary if we word the rule in a way that has no exceptions https://github.com/airbnb/swift/pull/194#discussion_r970167833

>   extension StateStore<SpaceshipState, SpaceshipAction> { … }

Reviewer: I think we should update the wording though I still like showing an example of when it's not possible, and we can say in a comment that the example is not a "bound generic type". This way we're helping a reader who may not be as deep in Swift to learn.
